Dependency of Storage to Model is not documented #94 (#103)
se-edu/addressbook-level3: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

The `Storage` component,
* can save `UserPref` objects in json format and read it back.
* can save the address book data in json format and read it back.

> * depends on the Model component.

Reviewer: The dependency itself should be visible in the architecture diagram (after #102 is merged). This PR can add further value by explaining why that dependency exists.

```suggestion
* depends on some classes in the `Model` component (because the `Storage` component's job it to save/retrieve objects belongs to the `Model`)
```

Author: @damithc I've amended this section accordingly, also I have provided a small suggestion in a comment above for the DG.

The `Storage` component,
* can save `UserPref` objects in json format and read it back.
* can save the address book data in json format and read it back.
* depends on some classes in the `Model` component

> (because the `Storage` component's job it to save/retrieve objects belongs to the `Model`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(because the `Storage` component's job is to save/retrieve objects that belong to the `Model`)
```

Sorry, there was a typo in my initial suggestion that you followed.

> * depends on some classes in the `Model` component
> (because the `Storage` component's job is to save/retrieve objects belongs to the `Model`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* depends on some classes in the `Model` component (because the `Storage` component's job is to save/retrieve objects that belong to the `Model`)
```
Line wrapping not needed for .md files. 
You missed a typo suggestion from the earlier review (i.e., `belongs to` -> `that belong to`)
